We're going to begin with breaking news tonight out of Minneapolis
where the National Guard is being mobilised after a violent protest erupted overnight
over the death of George Floyd.
Frustration over the lack of charges against the officers turned into anger overnight,
as protesters looted stores and set buildings on fire.
Police responded with tear gas and rubber bullets.
Those riots continue today, spilling into St. Paul,
where crowds ransacked shops and smashed windows.
And it all comes as Minnesota and the rest of the country are facing the dual toll
of rising jobless claims and cases of coronavirus.